Add best practice for tekton and other argo executors (#338)
kubeflow/kfp-tekton: samples/kfp-user-guide/README.md

    - [2. Run Pipelines Using the `kfp_tekton.TektonClient` in Python](#2-run-pipelines-using-the-kfp_tektontektonclient-in-python)
    - [3. Run Pipelines Using the `kfp` Bash Command Line Tool](#3-run-pipelines-using-the-kfp-bash-command-line-tool)
    - [4. Optional: Run Tekton Pipelines Without Using the Kubeflow Pipelines Engine](#4-optional-run-tekton-pipelines-without-using-the-kubeflow-pipelines-engine)

>   - [Best Practice](#best-practice)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [Best Practices](#best-practices)
```

#   Normal   Running            <invalid> (x11 over 2s)  pipeline-controller  Tasks Completed: 0, Incomplete: 1, Skipped: 0
#   Normal   Succeeded          <invalid>                pipeline-controller  Tasks Completed: 1, Skipped: 0
```

> ## Best Practice

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Best Practices
```

### Artifacts and Parameter output files for Tekton

> When developing a Kubeflow pipeline for the Tekton backend, please be aware that the files you produced for artifacts and parameter outputs are carried to a volume mount path then get pushed to S3. It's not recommended to have volume mount on a container's root directory (`/`) because volume mount will overwrite all the files in the container path, including all the system files and binaries. Therefore, we have prohibited the kfp-tekton compiler from putting artifacts and parameter output files in the container's root directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When developing a Kubeflow pipeline for the Tekton backend, please be aware that the files produced as artifacts and parameter outputs are carried to a volume mount path then get pushed to S3. It's not recommended to have volume mount on a container's root directory (`/`) because volume mount will overwrite all the files in the container path, including all the system files and binaries. 
```

> Therefore, we recommend placing the output files inside a new directory under root to avoid this problem, such as `/tmp/`. The [condition](/samples/flip-coin/condition.py) example shows how the output files can be stored. Alternatively, you can learn [how to create reusable components](https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/pipelines/sdk/component-development/) in a component.yaml where you can avoid hard coding your output file path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Therefore, we have prohibited the kfp-tekton compiler from putting artifacts and parameter output files in the container's root directory. We recommend placing the output files inside a new directory under root to avoid this problem, such as `/tmp/`. The [condition](/samples/flip-coin/condition.py) example shows how the output files can be stored. Alternatively, you can learn [how to create reusable components](https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/pipelines/sdk/component-development/) in a component.yaml where you can avoid hard coding your output file path.
```
